[Grunt]
That should do it.
All right, Tails, everything's
tightened up, and good to go.
You can take off
whenever you're ready.
TAILS: Roger.
[All gasp]
So way beyond that gravity pool,
there's an even
deeper part of space
called the Intergalactic Cloister?
I'm no expert, but it sounds
pretty accurate to me.
Mm.
Something bothering you?
I've been thinking.
Huh?
Everyone back home must be worrying
an awful lot about you these days.
I feel like we oughta figure out
a way to get you back there.
Don't you think?
But... how can you say that?
You think I could just abandon you
to battle those Metarex alone?
There's no way.
Mm...
Yeah, I guess you're right.
Huh?
Sure I am.
And besides, don't
forget I'm 18 now,
which means I get
to be your chaperone
so you won't get into
too much trouble.
Chaperone?
That's right.
[Both laugh]
Typhoon Laser Shield, activate!
8, 7, 6, 5, 4...
3, 2, 1.
Here we go!
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
-Gotta go fast
-Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
[All gasp]
[Gasp]
We're gonna make it, aren't we?
Mm-hmm.
[Gasp]
[Distorted gasping]
Freaky...
Uhh...
I feel really weird...
Aah!
[All gasp]
What's going on?
[Groan]
[All gasp]
[Moaning]
Everybody okay?
ALL: Ah!
[Groaning]
Cheese, wake up! Wake up!
[Groggy]
Where are we?
It looks so strange.
Strange isn't the word for it.
We're in the cloister.
We made it.
Now we gotta get to the other side.
This place is more
twisted than I thought.
Twisted is right.
That's space debris from
surrounding planets
left to float around in space.
Looks gross, if you ask me.
[All gasp]
What's the matter, Tails?
[Beeping]
I think we're trapped.
My sister Galaxina and I
used to love gardening.
It's great therapy.
KNUCKLES: Yeah, sure.
Cutting through unidentified space
gunk really does it for me, too.
Just shut it, and cut it.
What's that you've got?
A laser-powered weed-whacker.
I made it when I used to help
Ella with her gardening.
Now tackling stubborn
weeds is a breeze!
Well, hand it over.
Huh?
But I-
We've got a better idea.
Huh?
He's using your power
shoes to cut the vines.
Mm-hmm.
Whoa!
Well, that wasn't too hard.
They might not be so easy.
Ohh!
DARK OAK: Perfect. Their
ship cannot leave now.
As of this moment,
those fools are conveniently
stranded inside the cloister.
What fun!
[Evil laughter]
I implore you, Master. Send me!
No.
Grant me the honor, oh mighty one.
[Growling]
This task requires strength.
It is I who should
go, Yellow Zelkova!
Zelkova, enough of
this foolishness.
I will indeed send you to dispose
of those meddling fools.
But I warn you...
I want that hedgehog destroyed!
I shall not betray
your trust, Master.
[Grunting]
[Panting]
How could the master choose
that buffoon, Zelkova?
It is not for us to
decide, Narcissus.
We must wait and see.
They just came out of nowhere.
Another dirty Metarex trick.
Looks like we're
not going anywhere.
Great!
Chris is right, you guys.
I don't see a way out of this.
[Gasp]
Wait a minute. We can't
give up that easy.
We've just got to put
our heads together.
Yeah.
[Grunt]
Aaaah!
Ah!
ALL: Hmm.
Uh, that worked well.
Ah.
Chris, something's coming.
Yeah, something big.
[Growling]
We have to be ready.
Yeah.
[Growling]
[Gasp]
[Grunting]
[Evil laughter]
Huh?
What's so funny, big guy?
You will find out soon
enough, my friend.
[Evil laughter]
Well, let's hear it, tough guy.
My name is Yellow Zelkova.
Our mighty ruler, Dark Oak, has
sent me to destroy the hedgehog.
Nothing will stand in
the way of my task.
Sonic and all who stand
with him are doomed!
Whoa!
Crush!
[All scream]
Quick! Get back inside the Typhoon!
Come on, guys.
Amy, you too.
Hm? But why?
This isn't just Eggman we're
dealing with, now get inside!
If you say so, Sonic.
This oughtta be fun.
[Growling]
Looks like we're gonna
need some ammunition.
[Grunting]
Oh...
[Straining]
[Laughing]
You weakling.
[Growling]
Whoa! He's not fooling around.
[Grunting]
Ah!
[All scream]
[Laughter]
Ready when you are.
Then let's do this!
[Grunting]
Ha!
[Laughing]
Aaaah!
Ha! Huh!
Perhaps I should show
you how it is done.
Uh-oh.
[Yelling]
Knuckles, no!
[Grunting]
Ah!
[All gasp]
Oh, no! Sonic!
Whoa!
Oof!
[Growling]
There's no way we can beat him.
He's too strong for us.
Big boy may be strong, but there's
one thing he's not--speedy!
[Growling]
He has vanished.
Huh?
You've gotta be quicker than that
if you wanna keep up with me.
I'll show you, hedgehog!
[Grunting]
You come down from there.
Whoa! [Chuckling]
[Laughing]
[All gasp]
We have to do something.
That awful monster's
going to smash him.
Chao chao chao!
[Grunting]
Ah!
Whoa!
Oof!
[Grunting]
Ah!
[Growling]
So, you think just
because I'm little.
I'm no match for you, is that it?
I should think that would
be obvious, my friend.
[Grimacing]
Well, you're wrong... my friend.
We shall see how wrong I am
after I have pulverized you
and the rest of your tiny team.
Give up. You cannot win.
Okay!
That about does it!
[Grunting] Take that, Meta-dope!
Aah!
Did he really just do that?
Oh, my.
Uhh! Oof!
That's done.
Ah!
[Laughter]
Not quite, my friend.
But--but that can't be.
We shall see who will destroy whom.
[Grunting]
Aaah!
Oof!
Knuckles!
Is he okay?
[Groaning]
[Moaning]
Ugh...
Prepare for your doom!
[Laughing]
[Growling]
Right on time.
Ah!
This is gonna take
some fancy footwork.
Now you go over there, and...
[Whispers]
You got it?
[Chuckling] Got it.
-Hm!
Where are they?
How can I destroy them
when they move so quickly?
What's the matter, buddy?
I thought you said it was
big, bad demolition time?
Huh?
Hmm!
Hm!
Ha! Come and get me.
You asked for it!
[Growling]
[All scream]
Show yourself, hedgehog!
KNUCKLES: Hey! Over here!
Hmm?
Na-na-na-na-na, na-na-na-na-na!
Are you toying with me?
[Growling]
[All scream]
let's do this, Knuckles.
Ha ha!
Hm!
Hmm?
Hey, what are you
waiting for, big fella?
I think he's chicken.
Come on, chicken boy.
We're ready for you.
You mock the great Zelkova?
Grrr!
Oof!
[All gasp]
Hey! What are those two doing?
Are they gonna battle that
thing, or aren't they?
Your clever taunting
has come to an end.
BOTH: Yeah, whatever.
-Huh!
[All scream]
Your foolishness grows more
wearisome by the minute.
Will you fight me, or not?
Sure, we'll fight ya.
Then come down here.
I think we've kept him
waiting long enough.
What do you say?
It's show time.
I've had enough of your games.
Your pathetic attempts
at victory are at an end.
[Laughing]
Get ready, Tails.
Time for Sonic Power Cannon.
Huh? Sonic what?
Later.
What are you doing?
You think you can fool Zelkova?
Prepare the main cannon.
Activate energy link.
This is gonna be fun. [Chuckling]
TAILS: Increase pressure
in main detonator.
Power level set.
Okay, Sonic. Get in position.
Here goes.
Deactivate safety trigger.
Target locked on
"B" for bull's-eye.
Hmm?
Hm...
TAILS: Launch Sonic
Power Cannon now!
Huh!
What is happening?
The light is too bright.
I cannot see.
Where are you, Sonic?
I thought you were brave.
Show yourself. I command you!
Ah!
Aaaaaaahhh!
Aaaah!
Aaaaah!
[Screaming]
Direct hit!
Now to break down those rocks.
Knuckles, ready?
Yep. Let's charge up.
Master Emerald, can you hear me?
Give us all your power.
No! The barriers! They mustn't!
[Panting]
Start the engine, Tails!
You will not get far.
The great master Dark Oak
has more in store for you.
Mark my words.
We will destroy you yet!
Sure.
You bring it on, Meta-loser,
and we'll be waiting for you.
And give the boss man
our regards, huh?
Huh? Hm.
Sonic!
Huh!
You're okay!
Thanks to Sonic and Knuckles,
we made it through that cloister
with hardly a scratch.
Chao chao!
Good going, gang!
Yeah, we made it this far,
but who knows what'll happen
when we get out there.
Hm.